Support multiple entity request (#21416)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/search-concept-multipleRequest.md

---
title: "Pass multiple search requests in a request body with the Microsoft Search API"
description: "You can use the Microsoft Search API in Microsoft Graph to search results by passing multiple search requests in the request body."
author: "ZChristine"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "search"
---

# Pass multiple search requests in a request body with the Microsoft Search API
Now you can pass multiple search requests in a request body with the Microsoft Search API. This is currently enabled for OneDrive or SharePoint, external contents ingested and indexed by [Microsoft Graph connectors](/microsoftsearch/connectors-overview) and answers types (bookmark/acronym/qna).

## Supported entity combination

> Supported entity types for passing multiple search requests in a request body are: `site`, `drive`, `driveItem`, `list`,`listItem`,`externalItem`, `bookmark`,`acronym`, `qna`. And Entity types in every search request should follow the relationships defined in [interleaving search](search-concept-interleaving.md).

Reviewer: What do you mean by "And Entity types in every search request should follow the relationships defined in [interleaving search](search-concept-interleaving.md)"?

Author: Entity types in the same request block should follow the interleaving supported entity types.

Reviewer: Agreed! Please rephrase to "This means that entity types in the same request block should follow the interleaving supported entity type relationships/combinations as defined in [interleaving search](search-concept-interleaving.md)"

Author: rephrase to "And in  the same time, the entity types in the same request block should follow the interleaving supported entity type relationships/combinations as defined in [interleaving search](search-concept-interleaving.md)."
Because it's diffferent from previous line

---
title: "Use the Microsoft Search API to search results by passing multiple search requests in the request body"
description: "You can use the Microsoft Search API in Microsoft Graph to search results by passing multiple search requests in the request body."
author: "ZChristine"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "search"
---

# Use the Microsoft Search API to search results by passing multiple search requests in the request body
Use the Microsoft Search API in Microsoft Graph to search contents stored in OneDrive or SharePoint or external contents ingested and indexed by [Microsoft Graph connectors](/microsoftsearch/connectors-overview) or bookmark/acronym/qna in your organization by passing multiple search requests in the request body.

## Supported entity combination

> Entity types in every search request in the request body should be contained in the entity types list: `site`, `drive`, `driveItem`, `list`,`listItem`,`externalItem`, `bookmark`,`acronym`, `qna`. And Entity types in every search request should follow the relationships defined in [interleaving search](search-concept-interleaving.md).

Reviewer: What is meant by the second sentence "And Entity types in every search request should follow the relationships defined in [interleaving search](search-concept-interleaving.md)"?

> Entity types in every search request in the request body should be contained in the entity types list: `site`, `drive`, `driveItem`, `list`,`listItem`,`externalItem`, `bookmark`,`acronym`, `qna`. And Entity types in every search request should follow the relationships defined in [interleaving search](search-concept-interleaving.md).

Author: similar as supported entity types for interleaving

> `site`, `drive`, `driveItem`, `list`,`listItem` can only be set in the same search request. 

Author: same as "File entity type(`site`, `drive`, `driveItem`, `list`,`listItem`) can only occur once across different entity requests.". Duplicate. Remove

              }
            },
            {
              "hitId": "adce5789-c324-485a-a8bf-66bb809527ff=",
              "rank": 3,
              "summary": "Test externalItem",
              "resource": {
                "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.externalItem",
                "title": "Test externalItem summary POC",
              }
            },
            {
              "hitId": "ad60906b-1317-495c-b566-7b8ce1be5555",
              "rank": 4,
              "summary": "Test listItem 2",
              "resource": {
                "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.listItem",
                "createdDateTime": "2019-10-07T10:00:08Z",
                "lastModifiedDateTime": "2019-10-07T10:00:11Z",
                "title": "Test listItem summary 2 POC"
              }
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Known limitations

- Properties **from**, **szie** from different [searchRequest](graph/api/resources/searchrequest?view=graph-rest-beta) in the request body should be the same. And properties **queryString** of [searchQuery](graph/api/resources/searchquery?view=graph-rest-beta) from different searchRequest should be the same.

> - Duplicate entitytype across different search requests in the request body is not allowed.

Reviewer: Does this mean that you cant have a single request body with a "listItem" block and another "listItem" block? If so, we should give an example.

Author: yes. a "listItem" block and another "listItem" block are not allowed. Is there any suggested location for bad request?

Reviewer: Great question - there's no place for bad requests but I do think that we should bring this up in team meeting!

In the meantime, I would just rephrase line 169 to "Duplicate entitytype across different search requests in the request body is not allowed. For example, you cannot have a "listItem" block and another "listItem" block."

Author: Done.

> - File entity type can only occur once across different entity requests.

Reviewer: List the different file entity types here so it's clear

---

> title: "Pass multiple search requests in a request body with the Microsoft Search API"

Reviewer 2: Is this a shorter but still clear tittle? @ZChristine

> title: "Pass multiple search requests in the request body with the Microsoft Search API"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "Use the Microsoft Graph Search API to pass multiple search requests"
```

description: "You can use the Microsoft Search API in Microsoft Graph to search results by passing multiple search requests in the request body."
author: "ZChristine"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "search"
---

# Pass multiple search requests in a request body with the Microsoft Search API

> Now you can pass multiple search requests in a request body with the Microsoft Search API. This is currently enabled for OneDrive or SharePoint, external contents ingested and indexed by [Microsoft Graph connectors](/microsoftsearch/connectors-overview) and answers types (bookmark/acronym/qna).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Microsoft Search API allows you to include multiple search requests in a single request body. This capability is currently available for OneDrive and SharePoint, as well as for external contents that are ingested and indexed by [Microsoft Graph connectors](/microsoftsearch/connectors-overview) and answers types, including bookmarks, acronyms, and Q&A.
```

> ## Supported entity combination

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Supported entities combination
```

> ## Supported entity combination

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Supported entity types
```

> The Microsoft Search API allows you to include multiple search requests in a single request body. This capability is currently available for OneDrive and SharePoint, as well as for external contents that are ingested and indexed by [Microsoft Graph connectors](/microsoftsearch/connectors-overview) and answers types, including bookmarks, acronyms, and Q&A.

Reviewer 3: What do you mean by "answers types" here; is this a reference to resource types?

Author: answer types includes bookmarks, acronyms, and Q&A. It's a general term mentioned in https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/search-concept-answers?tabs=http

> The Microsoft Search API allows you to include multiple search requests in a single request body. This capability is currently available for OneDrive and SharePoint, as well as for external contents that are ingested and indexed by [Microsoft Graph connectors](/microsoftsearch/connectors-overview) and answers types, including bookmarks, acronyms, and Q&A.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Microsoft Search API allows you to include multiple search requests in a single request body. This capability is currently available for OneDrive and SharePoint, as well as for external contents that are ingested and indexed by [Microsoft Graph connectors](/microsoftsearch/connectors-overview) and answer resource types, including bookmarks, acronyms, and Q&A.
```

> The supported entity types for including multiple search requests in a request body are: `site`, `drive`, `driveItem`, `list`,`listItem`,`externalItem`, `bookmark`,`acronym`, `qna`. Entity types within the same request block should adhere to the supported entity type relationships and combinations defined in the [interleaving search](search-concept-interleaving.md) topic.

Reviewer 3: Note that resource/entity types are formatted in bold; the tick marks are how we format values and inline code. Please adjust the formatting here.

> The supported entity types for including multiple search requests in a request body are: `site`, `drive`, `driveItem`, `list`,`listItem`,`externalItem`, `bookmark`,`acronym`, `qna`. Entity types within the same request block should adhere to the supported entity type relationships and combinations defined in the [interleaving search](search-concept-interleaving.md) topic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The supported entity types for including multiple search requests in a request body are: `site`, `drive`, `driveItem`, `list`,`listItem`,`externalItem`, `bookmark`, `acronym`, and `qna`. Entity types within the same request block should adhere to the supported entity type relationships and combinations defined in the [interleaving search](search-concept-interleaving.md) topic.
```

> The supported entity types for including multiple search requests in a request body are: **site**, **drive**, **driveItem**, **list**,**listItem**,**externalItem**, **bookmark**,**acronym**, **qna**. Entity types within the same request block should adhere to the supported entity type relationships and combinations defined in the [interleaving search](search-concept-interleaving.md) topic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The supported entity types for including multiple search requests in a request body are: **site**, **drive**, **driveItem**, **list**,**listItem**,**externalItem**, **bookmark**,**acronym**, and **qna**. Entity types within the same request block should adhere to the supported entity type relationships and combinations defined in the [interleaving search](search-concept-interleaving.md) topic.
```

## Examples

> ### Example 1: Search with SharePoint file types and bookmark/acornym combination

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example 1: Search with SharePoint file types and bookmark/acronym combinations
```

#### Request

```HTTP
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/search/query
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "requests": [
    {
      "entityTypes": [
        "bookmark", "acronym"
      ],
      "query": {
        "queryString": "POC"
      },
      "from": 0,
      "size": 25
    },
    {
      "entityTypes": [
        "listItem",
        "site"
      ],
      "query": {
        "queryString": "POC"
      },
      "from": 0,
      "size": 25
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Response

> The following is an example of interleaving response.

Reviewer 3: Revise as: The following example shows a response with interleaved results.

Author: Revise as: The following shows a response that searches with SharePoint file types and bookmark/acronym combinations.

        "POC"
      ],
      "hitsContainers": [
        {
          "total": 2,
          "moreResultsAvailable": false,
          "hits": [
            {
              "hitId": "adce5789-c324-485a-a8bf-66bb809527ff",
              "rank": 3,
              "summary": "Test listItem 1",
              "resource": {
                "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.listItem",
                "createdDateTime": "2019-10-07T10:00:08Z",
                "lastModifiedDateTime": "2019-10-07T10:00:11Z",
                "title": "Here is a summary of your messages from last week -   New Feature: Live captions in English-US a POC"
              }
            },
            {
              "hitId": "microsoft.sharepoint.com,9fb3f597-167e-4c3d-b5e6-1ddc18d22d48,c53cd46e-9033-4b42-af94-0ad76ab75fd0",
              "rank": 4,
              "summary": "Test site",
              "resource": {
                "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.site",
                "createdDateTime": "2019-10-07T10:00:08Z",
                "lastModifiedDateTime": "2019-10-07T10:00:11Z",
                "title": "Test site summary POC"
              }
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

> ## Bad Request Examples

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Bad request examples
```

> ### Example 1: Search with the same entity types in seperate requst blocks in the request body

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example 1: Search with the same entity types in separate request blocks within the request body
```

#### Request

```HTTP
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/search/query
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "requests": [
    {
      "entityTypes": [
        "bookmark"
      ],
      "query": {
        "queryString": "POC"
      },
      "from": 0,
      "size": 25
    },
    {
      "entityTypes": [
        "bookmark",
      ],
      "query": {
        "queryString": "POC"
      },
      "from": 0,
      "size": 25
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Response

> The following is an example of bad request response.

Reviewer 3: Why are we showing an example that's invalid? If it's to illustrate what they can and can't do in a search, I suggest that you provide a bit more context before introducing the example. Also note that you're missing the article "a" before "bad request".

```HTTP
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "error": {
        "code": "BadRequest",
        "message": "SearchRequest Invalid (Entity types must not be duplicates in multiple entity requests)",
        "target": "",
        "details": [
            {
                "code": "Microsoft.SubstrateSearch.Api.ErrorReporting.ResourceBasedExceptions.BadRequestException",
                "message": "Entity types must not be duplicates in multiple entity requests",
                "target": "",
                "httpCode": 400
            }
        ],
        "httpCode": 400
    }
}
```

> ### Example 2: Search with the file entity types in seperate requst blocks in the request body

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example 2: Search with the file entity types in separate request blocks in the request body
```

> ### Example 2: Search with the file entity types in separate request blocks in the request body

Reviewer 3: I have the same comment about this request, which it seems is also invalid. I think you need to provide an explanation for why you're including an example that won't return a valid response.

Author: Because there's some Known limitations down this article. And the bad request some parts of the limitation to give the user a clear view.

Reviewer 3: Please explain that this is a bad request in introductory text for this example. Otherwise, readers might think it's a valid example until they see the response/known limitations section.

#### Request

```HTTP
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/search/query
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "requests": [
    {
      "entityTypes": [
        "site"
      ],
      "query": {
        "queryString": "POC"
      },
      "from": 0,
      "size": 25
    },
    {
      "entityTypes": [
        "drive",
      ],
      "query": {
        "queryString": "POC"
      },
      "from": 0,
      "size": 25
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Response

> The following is an example of bad request response.

Reviewer 3: Add the missing article "a" here as well.

```HTTP
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "error": {
        "code": "BadRequest",
        "message": "SearchRequest Invalid (Entity types must not be duplicates in multiple entity requests)",
        "target": "",
        "details": [
            {
                "code": "Microsoft.SubstrateSearch.Api.ErrorReporting.ResourceBasedExceptions.BadRequestException",
                "message": "File entity types can only appear in one entity request",
                "target": "",
                "httpCode": 400
            }
        ],
        "httpCode": 400
    }
}
```

## Known limitations

> - Properties **from**, **size** from different [searchRequest](graph/api/resources/searchrequest?view=graph-rest-beta) in the request body should be the same. And properties **queryString** of [searchQuery](graph/api/resources/searchquery?view=graph-rest-beta) from different searchRequest should be the same.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The properties **from**, **size** from different [searchRequest](graph/api/resources/searchrequest?view=graph-rest-beta) in the request body should be the same. And the  **queryString** property of [searchQuery](graph/api/resources/searchquery?view=graph-rest-beta) in different searchRequest should be the same.
```

> - The properties **from** and **size** from different [searchRequest](graph/api/resources/searchrequest?view=graph-rest-beta) in the request body should be the same. And the  **queryString** property of [searchQuery](graph/api/resources/searchquery?view=graph-rest-beta) in different searchRequest should be the same.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure that this sentence is clear. It's one search request, right? And what do you mean they should be the same, if they're different properties? And how is the queryString property related to from and size? Please clarify.

Author: They are in the different entity requests of the same request body. The value of the property should be the same for from, size and query string.

Reviewer 3: @ZChristine  , can you please clarify the sentence for readers? For example:

The values used for the **from**, **size**, and **queryString** properties in the request body must be the same.

> - The properties **from**, **size** from different [searchRequest](graph/api/resources/searchrequest?view=graph-rest-beta) in the request body should be the same. And the  **queryString** property of [searchQuery](graph/api/resources/searchquery?view=graph-rest-beta) in different searchRequest should be the same.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The properties **from** and **size** from different [searchRequest](graph/api/resources/searchrequest?view=graph-rest-beta) in the request body should be the same. And the  **queryString** property of [searchQuery](graph/api/resources/searchquery?view=graph-rest-beta) in different searchRequest should be the same.
```

> - Duplicate entity types across different search requests in the request body are not allowed. For example, you cannot have a "bookmark" block and another "bookmark" block.".

Author: Rephrase to: For example, you cannot have a "bookmark" search request and another "bookmark" search request in a request body.

> - File entity type(`site`, `drive`, `driveItem`, `list`,`listItem`) can only occur once across different entity requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The file entity types (`site`, `drive`, `driveItem`, `list`,`listItem`)  can only be present once among different entity requests..
```

> - Duplicate entity types across different search requests in the request body are not allowed. For example, you cannot have a "bookmark" search request and another "bookmark" search request in a request body.

Reviewer 3: Would this be an accurate revision for the second sentence:

"For example, you can't have a **bookmark** entity type and a second **bookmark** entity type within a single request block."

Also note that we don't use quotation marks for resource names; they should be bold.

Author: A request body would contain multiple search request. The schema would look like below. Here means that bookmark cannot be put in different searchRequest in the same request body.
{
"requests":[{},{},{}]
}

> - The file entity types (`site`, `drive`, `driveItem`, `list`, and `listItem`)  can only be present once among different entity requests.

Reviewer 3: Note that entity type names are formatted as bold. Again, I'm not sure that "among different entity requests" is clear. Do you mean within a search request? And if so, how is this statement different than the statement in the previous bullet?

Author: Will add a example.

> - The file entity types (`site`, `drive`, `driveItem`, `list`,`listItem`)  can only be present once among different entity requests..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The file entity types (`site`, `drive`, `driveItem`, `list`,`listItem`)  can only be present once among different entity requests.
```

> - Speller can only be used once and in the first entity request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The speller functionality can only be used once and it should be included in the first entity request.
```

> - The speller functionality can only be used once and it should be included in the first entity request.

Reviewer 3: Do you need to clarify what the speller functionality or have a link here?

> - The file entity types (**site**, **drive**, **driveItem**, **list**, and **listItem**)  can only be present in the same entity request of a request body. For example, you cannot have a "site" search request and another "drive" search request in a request body. 

Reviewer 3: I don't know if the "parts" of a search request body are clear from this article. What do we mean by "entity request" and "search request". Is there only one request block per request? Would it be accurate to simply the statement as:

"Only one file entity type (**site**.... ) can be included in a search request. For example, you can't include both a **site** and a **drive** entity type in the same search request."

Author: Rephrase to: 
- The file entity types (**site**, **drive**, **driveItem**, **list**, and **listItem**)  can only be present in the same search request of a request body. For example, you can't include both a **site** and a **drive** entity type in the different search requests of a request body.

> - The [speller](search-concept-speller.md) functionality can only be used once and it should be included in the first entity request.

Reviewer 3: Can you help clarify what you mean by "entity request"? Do you mean to say "... should be included as the first entity in the search request"?

Author: Rephrase to: The first search request in the request body.
